what is it
hello very good to all youtube people
here we are one more day in the worst channel
from history to today don tomás
gamer and this video recorded it to say
that in fact I died that left
youtube I'm a junkie and a
zombie that the custard has
kidnapped and televisions have been
owned by the country then not because then it is
pretty clear what I'm saying is
that ripoll stool and random things and that
does not make any sense at all
accusations and stupid comments and
silly absurdities but absurdities
maximum and countless notable priest
massive chronic knight municipal
elephant are worth a lot of people
said it has not been abandoned anymore you've
converted a good code that
probably not
well I want the phone to fall while
you're recording normally because
usually helps the video quality me
you have said many things things things
Nazis things of crazy things but that
is this people saying to see
sons of god heirs of the economy
hypertrophic was on vacation from
holidays are over classes me
I had been recording a lot of video for a while
with
now for exams and I say
it's over what was uncle, I'm leaving
Follow me on facebook and on twitter
you found out you knew why because
I do not hide anything in fact in
thanks to that we are
practically 18 thousand subscribers
all the support you have shown of
such and what I'm going to dizzy
thank you there are very few very bad
lighting here we are going to do a tour
for my house because I want me
you listen well now we are in the
eco hall
I do not know if you will notice that you believe that
We are with the hallway because I do not know
absolutely shit and good and here
in the dining room or the luminosity is
much better where they will stop their
controversy is running the push
there is nobody leave me alone
New Year's Eve but that is going to make it
will do later look with colleagues
a roller and I 'll see you a couple of bottles
of rum
and good, we'll pass it off as a fucking mother
because I make this video because I'm crazy
because I'm an imbecile because
sincerely everyone all
youtubers in your life and some videos
my god let's cry all saying
if they are better
I am a rope all of you tell me
for soccer he played me at night
thinking about all of you but not me what
I'm going to make that video no no no, I'm not going
the fagots I know I've done many
videos of fags but it does not advance me
there are times that I touch the potato and I say
yes a gentleman and this I do not have to
count but there are other times I say
Well look I'm going to take it I'm going to give it a
couple of kisses to the mop and I 'm going to
be wider than long I have three
minutes of video and I have not said anything yet
why is this shit
it will be seen that I have not recorded for two weeks
and all the gilipolleces that this head
of madness makes me stay here
stored
I 'm not telling anyone and
then at the time it starts
to record me because they do all like
black dragon flames out by a
air
and good that I'm going to paint
after three minutes almost four
minutes of bullshit or what am I going to say
good as I said I wanted to give you
thank you all for this amazing
support for the 18 thousand subscribers that
they will arrive yet we have not arrived yet
is so little that between today and tomorrow
we will arrive for this piece of year together
that has been great
you know that I have had many stoppages
issues there are people who are no longer in my
life there are other people who do
life changes a lot from a year to
another one that I have to tell you that I do not
you know we're all living it and now
he's been watching my previous video of
happy year 2000 2013 and the truth has
done a lot of grace see wearing five
months on youtube at that moment now
I've been a year and five months and had a thousand
132 subscribers and now I have almost 18
thousand so the increase in the figure is
very remarkable and I'm very happy for
It makes me very excited there are few
things that maintain illusion in this life
and that the channel or the channel works and
that they would dance is one of them
amazing
yes it is true that I would like
Special thanks to certain people
but for fear of leaving me to someone or for
yes
if more than anything there are a lot of people
that makes videos of mention and then
he forgets to mention one and set him up
good amazing as the last my friend
charly who mentioned you for the mention no
to mention him
and that is not for as much or if I now
I begin to say so I want to thank you
to my family to my friends to all my
followers to this since the to that of
there we take here walking through the
diner jumping
sometimes all
Well, if I forgot someone
nothing happens do not forget you bet
you can choose to forget you have to
remember I wish we could but it's like that
what I said I do not want to mention anyone
I also want to stop mentioning
nobody so thank you very much everyone if
you know that you have supported me and that I
I have ever thanked you is that you
you deserve it and point
so nothing happy and great with the
family that you go fucking mother all
the year and I hope you continue here with me
so that security don tomás gamer
keep growing forever to infinity
and beyond so nothing very many
thanks for watching the video of the
law you liked subscribe to me
channel if you are not subscribed to a said
all the comments they want
Share my videos with your friends and
follow me on facebook and twitter the
links are in the description see you
until next time
happy year subscribe or die
in fact you can write